hello dear flag friends
Alexander ideological tomorrow I'm going
to test protein foam bait
And today we will talk about prikormke and dominoes
what she fluffy loose for the particles
all krupinochki su separated here you see
which one
I want to tell my recipe like me
I am preparing a feeder bait for fishing
universal advertisement added
Spice attractant can be purposefully
put on the point absolutely any kind
fishes
proceed to cook and cool
we need ingredients like
millet 300 grams rice 300 grams
breadcrumbs
going to regulate means flowing
bait means cinnamon with a teaspoon
vanillin and a half packs sugar 150 grams
salt tablespoon
milk powder I throw a tablespoon
can and more 2 eggs
now we are where i start it i
I fill two jars and here are such water
jar half-liter pour incomplete
I'll add milk powder here
Approximately dining room add vanilla
one and a half packs to face I add coffee
a spoon
add 150 grams of sugar
throw salt teaspoon carefully this
mix everything now add to the bow
add 300 grams of chindon
and fall asleep 300 grams of rice friends
mix a little and put on a minus
40 let boiled beats eggs can be
add and more but then you will need
carefully her
sow chicken eggs need to beat well
to stir well from porridge eggs
whipped our almost ready minutes for
fifteen pour the eggs and well
kneading
Here is our porridge ready
just pour out the bucket and mix with
ask for breadcrumbs and
through the village sieve to each dispersion
each bit was separated
build up net well here you can see how it is
dry turned out that is absolutely dry
now here is a little
mixed divided share and by yourself
tonirovochka saturate the finger on the girl
need so much to dry lure points
see yourself add differently
Depending on how someone as a feeder what
you need prikormka
how much sticky
you can pour bait attractants
add seasoning friends well here I am
cooked prikormku sowed through a sieve
see how fluffy she is loose behind
particles all krupinochki separated here
see what
smell bring tomorrow see friends
how does it work i hope she gu
mom so will collect mom not
mourn we take a look at the castle
lure points linar lump everything is fine
his blind good tight wad here
the same time
What kind of lure points did I get ?
sale
trace does not break up the same time
everything separates beautifully not
sticks
loose all
Well, for two kilos of you 22 100
it turned out bait 2 kilograms plus
there is a bucket
we are 200 probably two kilos roughly
saying it turns out like this
bait half a kilo of breading
300 grams of cereal grains here are two
kilogram lure glasses have such a good
chains we have
bait caloric nourishing and very
well collects big fish
friends if this video was helpful
arte huskies and if something is not clear
I am happy to ask questions
I will answer them
friends at the video will share with
your experience
theory by experiment and practice friends
subscribe to the channel ahead will
a lot of interesting